add READMEs for common directories (#11486)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: testCourse/README.md

> # testCourse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Test course
```

> This course is used for internal testing through the [test suite](../apps/prairielearn/src/tests), and not intended for use by end users of PrairieLearn. A comprehensive example course with a variety of examples is in the [exampleCourse](../exampleCourse/) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course is used for both manual testing and the [automated test suite](../apps/prairielearn/src/tests). It is not intended for use by end users of PrairieLearn. A comprehensive example course with a variety of examples can be found in the [`exampleCourse` directory](../exampleCourse/).
```
